Hi everyone.
Today's Monday, May the 4th. My name is
Anne-Marie Band and this is the Money
Ball Morning Report.
News and news flow by Benzinga Pro,
charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Mentor Q and forensic data analysis by
tradewave.ai.
Hey, you see this right here?
This absolute collapse coming right
down. Remember that huge order if you
listened with me last night on
um
Market Kickoff.
You'll note that I
told you there was a big order, biggish
order sitting down at 7210.
Collapsed right into that zone. Also
looks like Friday's pivot and began to
bounce. It is also right on top of the
200, but this was caused by a piece of
news that said
Iran had fired on warship. Now,
I don't know if it's true,
but it's enough for somebody to make
quite a bit of money at 6:00 this
morning if indeed that happened and it
was not true. Notice the closing volume
candlestick that I have highlighted from
What is that? Thursday. That is still
the candlestick that we are sitting in.
The failure to breach 7250 and fold
could be a shorting formation.
Now, on top of that,
this rise up was on fairly
light volume and as I mentioned to you
also yesterday that when we break a wall
and move to the north
during that trading day, it causes
massive disruption in the dealer hedging
because they have to go long if they
break the call wall.
So, what are we seeing now? The big call
wall 7300.
It was the same Friday.
It could adjust itself into the day
later. We are under the pivot. That's
slightly bearish. Under the 50, under
the anchored Vwap, under the Vwap and
above the 200.
Momentum has been trending down since
very early on Friday.
This tells me that this is a topping
formation.
On top of that,
we've got all this news about hedging
bonds in emerging markets that are about
to blow up
and
all kinds of very interesting things. We
are moving into a climactic
uh time frame that could easily give us
some very volatile flows. Dips will
still be buys, but they could be very
volatile.
All right.
Let's think about the levels.
What do we want to look at? Well, the
200 is up. So, we know it is a buy the
dip.
But now that we've got this formation,
broken 50 that's now flat, pulling down
into the 7210 and then the failure to
break through the old call wall,
which was at 7250,
is now rearing its head.
I would suspect that this is a good
short.
And although
we can break down well below our 200,
I think it's a fair event to
say bounces are sells, but steep dips
are going to find buyers. Notice this
faded. That's dreadful news. That's
going to be a resumption of conflict.
We're not going to take that sitting
down and so
that
that's very likely going to be another
fade. Okay, the low edges of the motion
come right into the value area low at
7140. It's a little bit sticky on this
time frame. You might want to collapse
to a tighter one and see something that
says, okay, what am I looking at? I just
broke the 200, recovered it on the 15
minute. If I can't recover the 50 on the
15 minute and then I lose the 200, then
we've got our downside formations. Okay,
this is the gamma wall.
We'll flip to gamma negative underneath
there. This is the zero DTE put wall.
That's 7225.
We stay underneath there, it's going to
accelerate selling until they flip
again. Wait a second. That is the big
call wall.
That's the big put wall. I'm sorry.
That's going to accelerate selling quite
a bit down. The fact that they moved
that up is very unusual.
That's
That's a That's a mistake. Price action
is going to fade.
All right, let's take a look at the NQ.
Let's go to the 30 minute chart. This
one's holding, you know, fairly well,
but once again, we have a topping
formation.
It looks much stronger than the ES.
Clean upside trend.
Same dip down because um
they're saying Iran fired on a US
warship.
I
I don't know if China told them to do
that. I don't I don't know. That's
I do not know. Anyways, so the 200 is
way down here. Could we get there?
Absolutely. What do we want to look for?
Upward flow breaks the support ledge
and then cannot recapture that ledge.
So, right now 27,815
line in the sand. If we cannot get above
the Vwap,
which is round and about 27,877,
we've got ourselves some shorting
action. So,
I expect this to be a bounce that fails
that takes us back down into the 200.
Okay?
Where are we? Right now, we are above
the pivot. That's bullish. Above an
upward 50. That's bullish.
Fighting at the anchored Vwap from the
prior day. That's nothing.
I mean, that's neutral. Underneath the
Vwap.
That's bearish.
And then the 200 is up, but again, we've
got drifting momentum. So, that downward
flow
says they are looking for support.
I would say
27,450
potentially today and then a bounce,
right? It could go all the way down to
27,200
and then bounce again. But it will
bounce.
Why? Cuz the 200 is up and that's going
to
That's going to give us some kind of
reflexive motion.
Right? Liz Ann Sonders says at and of
course Goldman also said that
the hedge fund desks have not bought
this rally and we know that what this is
is market maker dealer flow action
because they've broken the call wall for
days and that's what happens when you
break one of these walls. Now, this
I I don't have any Wow, they moved all
these walls up.
That's quite premature. So, the put wall
is now 27,750.
The call wall is still 28,000.
If we lose this ledge, we're going to
have the same acceleration downside
during the day because dealer flow
is going to have to follow the trend.
Let's see how well it bounces and then
of course let's see what happens, you
know, when
uh we get feedback from what's going on
across the pond. Let's quickly look at
the YM.
The YM is moving ahead of everyone.
It's well underneath the 50.
Just broke the 200.
Vwap down, under the pivot
of today, under the pivot of Friday.
And if the YM is leading the way,
the ES and the NQ are going to follow.
Now, I don't know if this is
structurally true. I am going to ask
Psychic and then I'll let you guys know.
Psychic is an amazing tool
inside of
um
inside of TrendSpider. Okay, so what
does this tell us? This tells us that
bounces are sell zones.
If we cannot recover value area low,
which is 49,500,
we will rotate down
very likely into the last peak.
Here we are bouncing at this peak at
49,283.
The last peak event is
down here at 48,971.
Right? This volume candle.
Let's extend a Fibonacci here. See what
we get.
Yeah, that looks like about right.
We use the highest volume candle and
then we
have the acceleration and notice it came
right into the low of that box
and some people got in front of it.
Right?
And what are they going to do? They're
going to try and bounce up into this
area. 49,800 looks like a really nice
place to short.
Let's take a look at micro Bitcoin.
Sheesh, have I got enough lines floating
around here, peeps? Let's uh get rid of
that.
Okay.
So, here we go.
Went all the way to 81,000. Fell like a
stone.
Liquidity event.
And liquidity is in here. So, deep dips.
And again, this is a news candle, right?
So, let's look at a 50% trace of this
candle.
That's 79,365.
Look.
The call wall is 80,000. It broke it.
So, remember, under the call wall, fine.
Under the put wall, price accelerates.
Above the call wall, no bueno.
Price accelerates. Above the put wall,
no problem.
Price moves up. So, traders want to keep
price in between the put wall and the
call wall. And if they don't, that's
where acceleration can continue.
So, right now, they pushed it out and
now have brought it back in.
This seems like a fair place to short.
However, it's against trend,
against flow,
it's with momentum.
Tricky. Don't
Uh if you're short, it might
be If you want to be short, it might be
better to wait until it tries to hit the
call wall again, or it comes into the V
web and rejects.
Right? So, that's $500 away.
Could do that. Support ledges,
77,000
to 76,000. Here is the
point of control on this volume profile.
76,636.
Right?
I mean, it looks like a good short to
me.
Let's take a look at Earl.
Oh, shoot.
All right. Of course, shot across the
bow, literally. That does make for
um
a bounce in
oil.
Um
I had the short at 102 and some change,
which worked nicely into the 100 area.
And then, you know, we had this
upward flow. So, something certainly
was showing what's going on, but here's
what we know.
Move to the 4-hour.
And
where's our biggest volume candle?
That's probably starting action
over here. That's way up there.
This one is the next highest.
We just breached that.
So,
my thought is that this is the box
that we hang around for a bit. Now, it's
not going to be a good thing if this
thing heads up over 107,
but it's clearly in breakout zone,
right? They had They call this the death
cross, the 200 and the 50, but they do
it on a daily. And you can see
underneath the 200, it resumes trend.
98 looks like the floor. They're trying
to sell it off of this range here. So,
the topping formation, this one, let's
remove this because it is
a Fibonacci
of range. Now, let's just put in the
Fibonacci, right? Very big one. This
is probably the one we want to look at
today.
Although,
no, this 11:00 candle has more volume.
Let's have a peek here.
Yeah, it's holding the flows to the
downside at 99.
If we duplicate it and we go from top to
bottom,
remove that.
Oh, for the love of Pete. Okay, here we
go.
Right? So, I've got it downside and
upside
for the measure.
This candlestick is still running the
show. It's got the most volume. And so,
you can see them coming down into the
wicks and rotating up here.
Could be a topping formation. The news
could come out and just say, "Hey,
settle down. We're not doing anything."
Or it could be something completely
different. All right? But,
as long as we stay underneath $107,
we're okay.
Breaking up over $107,
going to be a bit tricky.
Going to be more bullish. And the put
wall, excuse me, the call wall's up here
at 110.
The put wall,
man, what's going on? Aha, okay. The put
wall's all the all the way down here at
85. The zero DTE put wall is way up here
at 104. So,
it's going to be messy. It's it's
definitely going to be messy today. A
lot of crosscurrent. Dips are still
buys.
Okay? So, if it comes down into 102,
that was the area that the first short
opened up for me.
And then covered. If it comes into that
102 and holds, it's got upside pressure.
Okay?
Let's go to gold.
Gold is bouncing off of the floor. Take
a look at this.
When did we draw this?
Few days ago.
Here is the candlestick in
view, this very tall one right here, or
this very this very heavy one.
Let's do a Fibonacci on that.
And see what happens.
Almost to the floor of it.
Catches it.
Um
this actually would be great for
sovereigns that are still trying to
sell,
but the gamma flow stays negative.
Notice, what do we have?
Downward 200
flat 50
very noisy V web. Very very noisy V web.
So, what do you want to see? You want to
see
a bounce that gives you a sell zone.
Now, we could have a very big newsy kind
of day. So, the bounce could easily come
to the top of
this candle, which is our focal point.
Excuse me, the bottom of this candle,
which is our focal point. And then, it
could rise to the top of the candle.
All right? But, bounces are still sell
zones here. They are still sell zones.
You want to be very careful.
Anchored V web
4625.
This is a news-based bounce.
Very interesting that
gold fell
on that attack
on the ship.
That's very interesting.
If we cannot get up over $4,580,
it's a nice downward flow.
Right?
Nice downward flow.
Okay, let's take a look finally at spy.
Where are we?
Above the V web, it's recovery.
Underneath the pivot,
we are actually underneath Friday's
pivot. Look at the stair step we've had
since April the 30th.
Just stair step after stair step after
stair step after stair step. It's just
moved very much to the north. We are
under an upward 50. Right? That's They
want to try and get that bounce. If we
cannot get above 722,
we rotate back down
to 715. Probably fill in this gap here,
potentially.
Biggest volume candle
is the closing candle of
April the 30th.
So, let's draw a line there.
Support. Oh, what do you know? Look at
that.
Recovers it.
And then,
here's where we're battling.
So, that's key. They Somebody a bunch of
folks plant planted a flag right there.
And if they cannot hold it,
it's going to come down.
Right? That's their line of defense. And
if they cannot stay above that, they're
going to rotate down. Put wall, 710.
Call wall
725.
Uh it's going to be very newsy today.
We're going to have uh
very interesting
price patterns to watch. Be careful.
Stay frosty.
And I'll I'll see you on the streams.
I'll see you on the streams.
All the best.